{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Requirements of the project (12)\

\fs28 1. Login/signup facility. User should remain logged in even on page refresh.\
2. Users should be able to see all the recent chats on the homepage.\
3. On clicking a particular chat, all messages of that chat should be shown along with other chat details(e.g. name , image)\
4. Users should be able to create and delete their accounts. (CRUD operations on USER accounts).\
5. Users should be able to update their profile details such as profile picture, name, about, etc. \
6. Users should be able to create new chats.\
7. Chats can be either direct chat between 2 person or a group chat.\
8. Users should be able to do a global search to find other user profiles.\
9. Users can send and receive messages(individual messages as well as group messages. \
10. The messages should have information such as the \cf2 sender\cf0 , timestamp, etc.\
11. Users should be notified for new messages.\
12. The application should be real time and the user should receive the message as soon as it is sent.
\fs36 \
\
\
Technologies used\
Frontend - 
\fs28 \
1. React (react hooks, state management,  conditional rendering, components & props)\
2. Tailwind CSS (advanced concepts such as flex box and grids)\
3. JavaScript (JSX, event handling, \cf2 DOM manipulation\cf0 )\
3. Redux toolkit & react-redux\
4. SockJs & StompJs\
5. React router dom (for routings)\
6. React icons\
7. Node & npm\
\

\fs36 Backend - 
\fs28 \
1. SpringBoot, Java\
2. Authentication & authorisation using Spring Security(SecurityFilterChain, security context, Url authorisation, Cors configuration) & Bcrypt password encoder\
3. jjwt-Jackson for (JWT)\
4 Spring Data JPA with Hibernate\
2. MySql\
3. Spring-websockets\
7. Lombok
\fs36 \

\fs28 \
\

\fs36 Other Technologies - 
\fs28 \
Cloudinary\
GitHub\
IntelliJ\

\fs36 \
}